#summary OmniThreadLibrary internals
#sidebar TableOfContents

= OmniThreadLibrary folder structure =

\ OmniThreadLibrary units and changelog.
doc\ Visio generated charts representing internal structure of the communication subsystem
fastmm4\ Latest release of the FastMM4 memory manager.
packages\ Packages for various Delphi IDEs.
res\ OmniThreadLibrary logo.
src\ 3rd party units.
tests\ Test/demo applications.
wiki\ This wiki.

= OmniThreadLibrary units =

OtlCollections.pas Locking/blocking collections.
OtlComm.pas Two-way intraprocess communication channel.
OtlCommBufferTest.pas Communication ring buffer unit test.
OtlCommon.pas Common stuff.
OtlContainerObserver.pas  Observer pattern interface for the containers unit.
OtlContainers.pas Microlocking containers.
OtlEventMonitor.pas Event dispatching component.
OtlHooks.pas Hook API.
OtlRegister.pas Component registration.
OtlSync.pas Synchronisation primitives.
OtlTask.pas Task interface.
OtlTaskControl.pas Task controller.
OtlThreadPool.pas Thread pool.

= Blog articles about OTL internals =

[http://17slon.com/blogs/gabr/2008/07/omnithreadlibrary-internals-otltask.html Task control interface]

[http://17slon.com/blogs/gabr/2008/07/omnithreadlibrary-internals-otlcomm.html Communication subsystem]

Lock-free stack tetralogy: [http://17slon.com/blogs/gabr/2008/07/implementing-lock-free-stack.html Implementing lock-free stack], [http://17slon.com/blogs/gabr/2008/07/lock-free-stack-problem.html Lock-free stack problem], [http://17slon.com/blogs/gabr/2008/07/working-lock-free-stack-implementation.html A working lock-free stack implementation], [http://17slon.com/blogs/gabr/2008/07/lock-free-queue-finally.html Lock-free queue]

[http://17slon.com/blogs/gabr/2008/07/omnithreadlibrary-internals.html Containers]

[http://17slon.com/blogs/gabr/2008/10/erlangenizing-omnithreadlibrary.html Calling OmniThreadLibrary methods by name]

[http://17slon.com/blogs/gabr/2008/10/omnithreadlibrary-using-rtti-to-call.html Using RTTI to call task methods]

[http://17slon.com/blogs/gabr/2010/01/three-steps-to-blocking-collection-1.html Inverse semaphore]